Add content for Arrow (#242)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/aurads/tutorials/arrow-example.adoc

[source, python]
----
gds = GraphDataScience(NEO4J_CONNECTION_URI, auth=(NEO4J_USERNAME, NEO4J_PASSWORD), aura_ds=True)

# Necessary if Arrow is enabled (as is by default on Aura)
gds.set_database("neo4j")
----

The `gds.debug.arrow()` procedure can be used to verify that Arrow is enabled on the server.

[source, python]
----
gds.run_cypher("CALL gds.debug.arrow() YIELD enabled")
----

First, we run the dataset loading process once in order to download the data.

[source, python]
----
# Run it once to download the dataset
g = gds.graph.ogbn.load("ogbn-arxiv")
g.drop()
----

We can now time the loading process. On an 8 GB AuraDS instance, this should take less than 30 s.

[source, python]
----
%%timeit -n 1 -r 1

gds.graph.ogbn.load("ogbn-arxiv")
----

== Arrow disabled

To run the same loading process without Arrow, we need to drop the graph and recreate the client (this time with Arrow disabled).

[source, python]
----
gds.graph.get("ogbn-arxiv").drop()
gds.close()

gds = GraphDataScience(NEO4J_CONNECTION_URI, auth=(NEO4J_USERNAME, NEO4J_PASSWORD), aura_ds=True, arrow=False)
----

> We can now time the loading process again. On an 8 GB AuraDS instance, this should take more than 1 minute.

Reviewer: We could make the slowdown more explicit
```suggestion
We can now time the loading process again. On an 8 GB AuraDS instance, this should be around 1 minute and therefore around 2x slower than without Arrow.
```

Reviewer: Good point. I like your suggestion :+1:

[[connecting-arrow]]
= Using Apache Arrow
:description: This page describes how to use Apache Arrow on AuraDS.
:notebook-name: Arrow_example.ipynb

include::partial$aurads/colab.adoc[]

Apache Arrow is already installed and configured on AuraDS.
The easiest way to use Arrow is via the GDS Python client. 
When initialized, the client by default tries to use it (via the `arrow` parameter) if it is available on the server.

To see the difference in performance that Arrow enables, we load a dataset with Arrow enabled (`arrow=True`, the default) and disabled (`arrow=False`) and compare the time.

== Setup

For this example, the `ogb` extra is needed in order to load OGBN datasets.

[source, python]
----

> %pip install 'graphdatascience[ogb]==1.7'

Reviewer: good catch. Yes you can remove it now.

Could verify if the installed version is at least 1.7 to catch users that have a earlier version installed

# Necessary if Arrow is enabled (as is by default on Aura)
gds.set_database("neo4j")
----

The `gds.debug.arrow()` procedure can be used to verify that Arrow is enabled on the server.

[source, python]
----
gds.run_cypher("CALL gds.debug.arrow() YIELD enabled")
----

First, we run the dataset loading process once in order to download the data.

[source, python]
----
# Run it once to download the dataset
g = gds.graph.ogbn.load("ogbn-arxiv")
g.drop()
----

We can now time the loading process. On an 8 GB AuraDS instance, this should take less than 30 s.

[source, python]
----
%%timeit -n 1 -r 1

gds.graph.ogbn.load("ogbn-arxiv")
----

== Arrow disabled

To run the same loading process without Arrow, we need to drop the graph and recreate the client (this time with Arrow disabled).

[source, python]
----
gds.graph.get("ogbn-arxiv").drop()
gds.close()

gds = GraphDataScience(NEO4J_CONNECTION_URI, auth=(NEO4J_USERNAME, NEO4J_PASSWORD), aura_ds=True, arrow=False)
----

We can now time the loading process again. On an 8 GB AuraDS instance, this should take more than 1 minute.

[source, python]
----
%%timeit -n 1 -r 1

gds.graph.ogbn.load("ogbn-arxiv")
----

> Therefore, with this dataset, Arrow provides at least a 2x speedup.

Author: Added [your suggestion](https://github.com/neo4j/docs-aura/pull/242/files#r1242119647) here.

[[connecting-arrow]]

> = Loading and streaming data with Apache Arrow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Loading and streaming back data with Apache Arrow
```

The `back` could hint that its the result part

Author: Nice, I like it

:description: This page describes how to use Apache Arrow on AuraDS.
:notebook-name: Arrow_example.ipynb

include::partial$aurads/colab.adoc[]

The Enterprise Edition of GDS installed on AuraDS includes an link:https://neo4j.com/docs/graph-data-science/current/installation/configure-apache-arrow-server/[Arrow Flight server], configured and running by default.
The Arrow Flight server speeds up data-intensive processes such as:

* creating a graph directly from in-memory data;
* streaming node and relationship properties;
* streaming the relationship topology of a graph.

There are two ways to use the Arrow Flight server with GDS:

. by implementing a custom Arrow Flight client as explained in the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/graph-data-science/current/graph-catalog-apache-arrow-ops/[GDS manual];

> . by using the GDS Python client, which includes an Arrow Flight client.

Reviewer: how about switching the ordering? Simplest first

gds.graph.ogbn.load("ogbn-arxiv")
----

With Arrow disabled by adding `arrow=False` to the `GraphDataScience` constructor, the same loading process would take more than 1 minute.
Therefore, with this dataset, Arrow provides at least a 2x speedup.

== Cleanup

[source, python]
----
article_graph.drop()

> ogbn_arxiv.drop()

Reviewer: seeing this here. Since 1.7 you can also use `Graph` together with `with` statements.
Then you could get rid of this part and also makes it easier to rerun the cells above

Author: That's cool! I can surely do that for the OGBN graph. As for the other one, if I use it I cannot split the loading and streaming sections (not a big deal, but I would have to "collapse" the examples and replace the section break with comments). Would that read better?
